Added a top level directory to the archive package (#60)
hazelcast/hazelcast-command-line: distro/src/README.txt

> Hazelcast Command Line is a tool which allows users to install & run Hazelcast IMDG and Management Center on local environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hazelcast Command Line is a tool that allows users to install & run Hazelcast IMDG and Management Center on the local environment.
```
